chore: adding more info on related resources (#261)
newrelic/gatsby-theme-newrelic: packages/gatsby-theme-newrelic/README.md

    - [`MDXCodeBlock`](#mdxcodeblock)
    - [`NavItem`](#navitem)
      - [`Page`](#page)
    - [`NewRelicLogo`](#newreliclogo)
    - [`PageTools`](#pagetools)
      - [`PageTools.Section`](#pagetoolssection)
      - [`PageTools.Title`](#pagetoolstitle)
    - [`RelatedResources`](#relatedresources-1)
    - [`SearchInput`](#searchinput)
    - [`SEO`](#seo)
    - [`SimpleFeedback`](#simplefeedback)
    - [`Spinner`](#spinner)
    - [`Surface`](#surface)
    - [`Table`](#table)
    - [`Tag`](#tag)
    - [`TagList`](#taglist)
    - [`Terminal`](#terminal)
    - [`Video`](#video)
  - [MDX Component variants](#mdx-component-variants)
  - [Hooks](#hooks)
    - [`useClipboard`](#useclipboard)
    - [`useFormattedCode`](#useformattedcode)
    - [`useKeyPress`](#usekeypress)
    - [`useLayout`](#uselayout)
    - [`useQueryParams`](#usequeryparams)
    - [`useTessen`](#usetessen)
    - [`useTimeout`](#usetimeout)
    - [`useUserId`](#useuserid)
    - [`usePrevious`](#useprevious)
  - [I18n](#i18n-1)
  - [Announcements](#announcements)
  - [Utils](#utils)
    - [`formatCode`](#formatcode)
  - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Changes to Jest config](#changes-to-jest-config)

>     - [Mocking `ReactDOM.createPortal` for snapshot testing](#mocking-reactdomcreateportal-for-snapshot-testing)

Reviewer: Do you know why there are so many changes to this TOC?

Author: @jerelmiller i have a TOC tool I use to auto gen TOCs from markdown https://github.com/jonschlinkert/markdown-toc so it's hooked into VSCode..

Optional configuration for related resources used in the right rail. Currently
only `Mdx` nodes are supported.

> The related resources component is controlled by specific Frontmatter slugs that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The related resources component is controlled by specific front matter slugs that
```

TIL its spelled `front matter` 🤦‍♂️

Author: 😅

> are defined on a page. By setting the Frontmatter for `resources` and `tags` you can control what is populated in this component.

Reviewer: Tags are actually left to the individual site on whether they are used as part of the related resource query to Swiftype or not. The only thing the theme really does out of the box is look for a `resources` field in front matter to pull data from.

Author: i'll correct this.

> If no resources or tags are available in the page Frontmatter the component will fallback to using the page title as the search query term and related resources will be auto generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no resources are available in the page front matter, the component will use the front matter `title` field as a fallback for the search query term.
```

Simplified this a bit

> The order of priority for populating content in this component is driven by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order of priority for populating content is driven by:
```

Removing `in this component` since really this affects the data layer more than anything. Any component can get access to this data, not just "the component".

> 1. Any resources defined in the page Frontmatter.
> 2. Any tags defined in the the page Frontmatter will send a search query term and return results from Swiftype.
>    2b. Any Swifttype results that match the page title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Any resources defined in the page front matter.
2. Results from Swiftype. These results are backfilled up to the `limit` defined in your GraphQL query.
```

Removing info about tags since these are not used from the theme's perspective.

> Resource site tags control the labels that appears below each resource URL. These can be found in the `Resources.js` in the specific site repository.

Reviewer: I'd remove "site tags" as a description here since it might be a bit confusing. We are now calling these `labels`. You can find the default label mapping here: https://github.com/newrelic/gatsby-theme-newrelic/blob/develop/packages/gatsby-theme-newrelic/src/utils/defaultOptions.js#L10-L23

That being said, I may advocate for removing this paragraph since talked about in the `labels` config in the `Options` section below. If the link to the defaults is helpful, perhaps we update that little section?

Author: will fix

If you are adding a resource that doesn't currently have a defined site tag

> you will need to modify this file an add a new site tag accordingly.

Reviewer: Let's delete this. This is now configurable with the `labels` option as mentioned in the `Options` below.

Author: 👍

> When naming the site tag the site domain name should be used for the site tag name.

Reviewer: Let's also remove this as this is talked about as part of the `labels` option below.

Author: 👍
